README.md, before:

# Setup React App

- create client folder with npx create-react-app .
- copy and paste assets from complete project.
- npm start

## Spring Cleanings

- In src remove the following files:
- App.css, App.test.js, logo.svg, reportwebvitals.js, setutest.js and fix app.js, index.js

## Title and Favicon

- Change the title in public/index.html
- Replace the favicon with resource (favicons)[http://favicons.io]

## Normalize CSS and Global Styles

- Import Normalize CSS  npm install normalize.css
- Import 'normalize.css' in index.js, SET BEFORE 'index.css'

## Landing Page

- react router and styled components right after
- create pages directory in the source
- for now Landing.js
- create component (snippets extension) - rafce

## Working with StyleComponents

- Install styling components to the application with npm install styled-components
- then import to the application.
- import styled from 'styled-components'

<!-- 
const El = styled.el`
 -->

- The folder wrapper will contain all the styles for the application, create the style with styled component and then export it
- Go to the component, import the Wrapper into the application and done.

## React Router 6 and Error Pages

- Next step is to work on First Component, Logo & Images, React Router and Error Page

Commit message:

Instalation of React Router DOM and several new pages and components for the website. The new important component is formrow with props for form. The register and landing page have logic and the next step is to add context for the application to deal state of the application.

README.md, after:

# Setup React App

- create client folder with npx create-react-app .
- copy and paste assets from complete project.
- npm start

## Spring Cleanings

- In src remove the following files:
- App.css, App.test.js, logo.svg, reportwebvitals.js, setutest.js and fix app.js, index.js

## Title and Favicon

- Change the title in public/index.html
- Replace the favicon with resource (favicons)[http://favicons.io]

## Normalize CSS and Global Styles

- Import Normalize CSS  npm install normalize.css
- Import 'normalize.css' in index.js, SET BEFORE 'index.css'

## Landing Page

- react router and styled components right after
- create pages directory in the source
- for now Landing.js
- create component (snippets extension) - rafce

## Working with StyleComponents

- Install styling components to the application with npm install styled-components
- then import to the application.
- import styled from 'styled-components'

<!-- 
const El = styled.el`
 -->

- The folder wrapper will contain all the styles for the application, create the style with styled component and then export it
- Go to the component, import the Wrapper into the application and done.

## React Router 6 and Error Pages

- Next step is to work on First Component, Logo & Images, React Router and Error Page.
- Install react router into the application using npm install history@5 react-router-dom@6
- import { BrowserRouter, Routes, Route, Link } from 'react-router'.
- Create the index.js inside pages and components and do the imports there, than export it to the App.js

## Creating the Register Page with React {useState, useEffect} from 'react'

- Get the logo, get the css wrapper, and eventually the context for the application.
